david has to get Wendy onto her side so
she can breathe easily
then it's off with the old collar and
Subba gets to work and these females
here I can't let them see her blocking
it says these per elephants you know I
can understand they're very tight group
they're all around and we've just got to
make damn sure that we keep them away
from your team we need to get this
collar on as quickly as possible okay
about ten minutes then collars almost on
we've got three booked three of the
bolts looking good
try up and down team leader David
is keeping a careful eye on the time it
was tense to steadily but it's fine now
the females are trying to defend their
mother the last thing they want to see
is when she's down like that they'll
Sociedad with death because she's not
normally down she's the one lady Saba is
keeping Wendy out of sight of the other
females they think their leader is dead
they could get aggressive
it's disturbing the elephants that the
thing is that we'll know in a tight
little group like that of course the
immediate reaction is to rush to the
rescue once again hammers home how
incredible elephants are that they will
put themselves their bodies in between
their families and the danger I love
them so much amazing animals the collar
is secure time to wake up Wendy this
will counteract the effects of the dart
the antidotes about to go in and
everyone's got to be in the cars when
the antidote goes in because it can be
quick
and if it's quick it can be very very
dangerous okay antidote in 1203 the
whole operation has taken just 12
minutes
along David while well done team great
job that's perfect timing with you go
we should can make sure that she really
United successfully with her baby now
Wendy follows her nose back to the
safety of the herd
where her baby is desperate to see her
once again Wendy can be tracked
if poachers do come into the reserve
David and the team can help keep her and
her family safe